Doc-6858 Fargate beta (#2277)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/install-fargate-integration.mdx

Here's the injection workflow:

![Diagram showing the workflow of sidecar injection](./images/fargate-workflow.svg "Diagram showing the workflow of sidecar injection")

#### Automatic injection installation [#auto-injection-install]

<Callout variant="tip">
These setup steps are for a generic installation. Before completing these, take a look at the [Configuration](#config-auto) section below to see if you want to modify any aspects of the automatic injection.
</Callout>

In order to install the `newrelic-infra-operator` in charge of injecting the infrastructure sidecar, all you have to do is add the following flags to the the [install bundle command](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/install-kubernetes-integration-using-helm/#install-k8-helm):

```
helm upgrade --install newrelic newrelic/nri-bundle \
--set global.licenseKey=<var>YOUR_NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY</var> \
--set global.cluster=K8S_CLUSTER_NAME \
--set infrastructure.enabled=true \
--set prometheus.enabled=true \
--set webhook.enabled=true \
--set ksm.enabled=false \
--set kubeEvents.enabled=true \
<var>--set global.fargate=true</var> \

> <var>--set infra-operator.enabled=true</var>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<var>--set newrelic-infra-operator.enabled=true</var>
```

```

> 

Reviewer: I would add also callout saying:
```
In case of hybrid (EC2-Fargate) cluster please make sure that once deployed the solution is not selected by any Fargate profile, otherwise the DaemonSet instances will be stuck in a pending state. In a Fargate only environment the is not such limitation since no DaemonSet instance is created.
```

Author: @paologallinaharbur, I revised this a little. Is this still correct?

In the case of a hybrid cluster (EC2 and Fargate), make sure after deployment that the solution is not selected by any Fargate profiles; otherwise, the `DaemonSet` instances will be stuck in a pending state. Fargate-only environments don't have this limitation because no `DaemonSet` instances are created.

Reviewer: "after deployment" ->  "after deploying"

Author: @paologallinaharbur, thanks, I corrected this.

#### Configuration [#config-auto]

It is possible to configure different aspects of the automatic injection. By default, the operator will inject the monitoring sidecar to all pods deployed in Fargate nodes which are not part of a `Job` or a `BatchJob`.

> Using configurations, you can change this behavior. For example, you can define selectors to narrow or widen the selection of pods that are injected, assign resources to the operator, and tune the sidecar. Also, you can add other attributes, labels, and environment variables. Please refer to the chart `README.md` and `values.yaml`.

Reviewer: the link are going to be:
https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/newrelic-infra-operator/README.md
and
https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/newrelic-infra-operator/values.yaml

We still need to merge, but they are not going to change

Author: I inserted these links.

    <CollapserGroup>
      <Collapser
        id="cluster-role"
        title="clusterRole.yaml"
      >
      You can use this snippet as it appears below, without any changes:

      ```      
      apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
      kind: ClusterRole
      metadata:
        labels:
          app: newrelic-infrastructure
        name: newrelic-newrelic-infrastructure-infra-agent
      rules:
      - apiGroups:
        - ""
        resources:
        - nodes
        - nodes/metrics
        - nodes/stats
        - nodes/proxy
        - pods
        - services
        verbs:
        - get
        - list
      - nonResourceURLs:
        - /metrics
        verbs:
        - get
      ```
      </Collapser>
    </CollapserGroup>

2. For each workload you want to monitor, add an additional sidecar container for the `newrelic/infrastructure-k8s` image. Here is an example of an injected sidecar. 

    <CollapserGroup>
      <Collapser
        id="container-to-inject"
        title="containerToInject.yaml"
      >

>       [PLEASE INSERT INSTRUCTIONS ABOUT HOW TO USE THIS SNIPPET]

Reviewer: "Take the container of the following snippet and inject it in the workload you want to monitor. Note that the volumes can be defined as `emptyDir: {}`.
Note that in the special case of a KSM deployment you need to remove as well the `DISABLE_KUBE_STATE_METRICS` environment variable and increase the resources requests and limits".

Author: @paologallinaharbur, I inserted your new content. Please double-check it.

        ```
        apiVersion: apps/v1
        kind: Deployment
        spec:
          template:
            spec:
              containers:
              - name: newrelic-infrastructure
                env:
                - name: NRIA_LICENSE_KEY
                  valueFrom:
                    secretKeyRef:
                      key: license
                      name: newrelic-newrelic-infrastructure-config

>                 - name: NRIA_VERBOSE

Reviewer: Add as well to the envVars list: 
```
- name: DISABLE_KUBE_STATE_METRICS
   value: "true"
```
(the order is not important)

Author: @paologallinaharbur, I inserted it here:

```
                - name: NRIA_VERBOSE
                    value: "1"
                - name: DISABLE_KUBE_STATE_METRICS
                    value: "true"
                - name: CLUSTER_NAME
                    value: testing-injection
```

Reviewer: note that the indentions wants always `value` under `name`, but I guess it is the github preview messing it up!

Author: @paologallinaharbur, `value` is indented the same as `name` in the snippet, so I think we're OK.

                - name: NRK8S_NODE_NAME
                  valueFrom:
                    fieldRef:
                      apiVersion: v1
                      fieldPath: spec.nodeName
                - name: NRIA_DISPLAY_NAME
                  valueFrom:
                    fieldRef:
                      apiVersion: v1
                      fieldPath: spec.nodeName
                - name: NRIA_CUSTOM_ATTRIBUTES
                  value: '{"clusterName":"$(CLUSTER_NAME)", "computeType":"$(COMPUTE_TYPE)", "fargateProfile":"[YOUR FARGATE PROFILE]"}'
                - name: NRIA_PASSTHROUGH_ENVIRONMENT
                  value: KUBERNETES_SERVICE_HOST,KUBERNETES_SERVICE_PORT,CLUSTER_NAME,CADVISOR_PORT,NRK8S_NODE_NAME,KUBE_STATE_METRICS_URL,KUBE_STATE_METRICS_POD_LABEL,TIMEOUT,ETCD_TLS_SECRET_NAME,ETCD_TLS_SECRET_NAMESPACE,API_SERVER_SECURE_PORT,KUBE_STATE_METRICS_SCHEME,KUBE_STATE_METRICS_PORT,SCHEDULER_ENDPOINT_URL,ETCD_ENDPOINT_URL,CONTROLLER_MANAGER_ENDPOINT_URL,API_SERVER_ENDPOINT_URL,DISABLE_KUBE_STATE_METRICS,DISCOVERY_CACHE_TTL
                image: newrelic/infrastructure-k8s:2.4.0-unprivileged
                imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
                resources:

>                   limits:
>                     memory: 300M
>                   requests:
>                     cpu: 100m
>                     memory: 150M

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  limits:
                    memory: 100M
                    cpu: 200m
                  requests:
                    cpu: 100m
                    memory: 50M
```

                securityContext:
                  allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
                  readOnlyRootFilesystem: true
                  runAsUser: 1000
                terminationMessagePath: /dev/termination-log
                terminationMessagePolicy: File
                volumeMounts:
                - mountPath: /var/db/newrelic-infra/data
                  name: tmpfs-data
                - mountPath: /var/db/newrelic-infra/user_data
                  name: tmpfs-user-data
                - mountPath: /tmp
                  name: tmpfs-tmp
                - mountPath: /var/cache/nr-kubernetes
                  name: tmpfs-cache
        [...]
        ```
      </Collapser>
    </CollapserGroup>

3. Create a `ClusterRoleBinding`, or add to a previously created one the `ServiceAccount` of the application that is going to be monitored. All the workloads may share the same `ClusterRoleBinding`, but the `ServiceAccount` of each one must be added to it.

    <CollapserGroup>
      <Collapser
        id="cluster-role-binding"
        title="clusterRoleBinding.yaml"
      >

>       [PLEASE INSERT INSTRUCTIONS ABOUT HOW TO USE THIS SNIPPET. ALSO, I NOTICED IN THE PRIVATE REPO THAT THE FIRST LETTER OF THE YAML FILE (ClusterRoleBinding.yaml) IS CAPITALIZED, UNLIKE OTHER YAML FILE NAMES. IT LOOKS LIKE THE OBJECTS INSIDE THE FILES START WITH CAPITAL LETTERS WHILE THE YAML FILES DO NOT, RIGHT?]

Reviewer: yes the file name was just a stub and it is not important :)

"Create the following ClusterRoleBinding having as subjects the service account of the pods you want to monitor. Note that there is no need to repeat the same service account twice. Each time you want to monitor a pod with a service account not yet included, you should add it to the list"
I am sure there are better ways to say the same 😅

Author: @paologallinaharbur, I inserted this with a few minor changes. Please double-check it.

      ``` 
      apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
      kind: ClusterRoleBinding
      metadata:
        name: newrelic-newrelic-infrastructure-infra-agent
      roleRef:
        apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
        kind: ClusterRole
        name: newrelic-newrelic-infrastructure-infra-agent
      subjects:
      - kind: ServiceAccount
        name: [<var>INSERT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAME_OF_WORKLOAD</var>]
        namespace: [<var>INSERT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_NAMESPACE_OF_WORKLOAD</var>]
      ```
      </Collapser>
    </CollapserGroup>

4. Create a secret containing the New Relic license key. Each namespace needs its own secret.

    <CollapserGroup>
      <Collapser
        id="secret"
        title="secret.yaml"
      >

>       [PLEASE INSERT INSTRUCTIONS ABOUT HOW TO USE THIS SNIPPET]

Reviewer: Create the following secret having as `license` the Base64 encoded value of your NewRelic license key. One secret is needed in each namespace where a pod you want to monitor is running

Author: @paologallinaharbur, I inserted this new content. Please double-check it.

      ```      
      apiVersion: v1
      data:

>         license: superSecretLicenseEncodedInBase64===

Reviewer: also this can be a var, so that they keep in mind to change that

Author: @paologallinaharbur, I added the <var> tags, but I also changed the format so it matches other user-input fields. I hope that trailing "===" was not specific to Base64.

license: <var>INSERT_YOUR_NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_ENCODED_IN_BASE64</var>

---
title: EKS Fargate (beta)
watermark: BETA
---

> In order to monitor Kubernetes workloads scheduled on Fargate, our solution automatically injects a sidecar containing the infrastructure agent and the `nri-kubernetes` integration in each pod that needs to be monitored.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New Relic supports monitoring Kubernetes workloads on EKS Fargate by automatically injecting a sidecar containing the infrastructure agent and the `nri-kubernetes` integration in each pod that needs to be monitored.
```

> If the same Kubernetes cluster also contains EC2 nodes, our solution is deployed as a `DaemonSet` in all of them. No sidecar will be injected into pods scheduled in EC2 nodes, and no `DaemonSet` will be deployed to Fargate nodes. Here's an example of a hybrid instance with both Fargate and EC2 nodes:

Reviewer 3: In general, I'd try to use less future tense.

Author: Thanks, @urbiz-nr!

> If the same Kubernetes cluster also contains EC2 nodes, our solution is deployed as a `DaemonSet` in all of them. No sidecar will be injected into pods scheduled in EC2 nodes, and no `DaemonSet` will be deployed to Fargate nodes. Here's an example of a hybrid instance with both Fargate and EC2 nodes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the same Kubernetes cluster also contains EC2 nodes, our solution will also be deployed as a `DaemonSet` in all of them. No sidecar will be injected into pods scheduled in EC2 nodes, and no `DaemonSet` will be deployed to Fargate nodes. Here's an example of a hybrid instance with both Fargate and EC2 nodes:
```

![Diagram showing an EKS cluster with Fargat and EC2 nodes](./images/fargate-overview.svg "Diagram showing an EKS cluster with Fargat and EC2 nodes")
<figcaption>
In a mixed environment, the integration only uses a sidecar for Fargate nodes.
</figcaption>

New Relic collects all the supported metrics for all Kubernetes objects regardless of where they are scheduled, whether it's Fargate or EC2 nodes. Please note that, due to Fargate limitations, the New Relic integration is limited to running in [unprivileged](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/kubernetes-integration-install-configure/#unprivileged) mode on Fargate nodes. This means that metrics that are usually fetched from the host directly, like running processes, will not be available for Fargate nodes.

The agent in both scenarios will scrape data from Kube State Metrics (KSM), Kubelet, and cAdvisor and send data in the same format.

<Callout variant="important">

> You are still required to deploy and monitor a Kube State Metrics instance, which the Helm Chart can do automatically if instructed to. KSM will be monitored as any other workload: by injecting a sidecar if it gets scheduled in a Fargate node or with the local instance of the `DaemonSet` if it gets scheduled on an EC2 node.

Reviewer 3: By, in capital

Author: @urbiz-nr, I made this change.

</Callout>

Other components such as `nri-prometheus`, `nri-metadata-injection`, and `nri-kube-events` do not need any extra steps to be deployed on Fargate.

<Callout variant="tip">
New Relic Logging is not yet supported on Fargate nodes.
</Callout>

## Installation [#installation]

You can choose between two alternatives for installing New Relic full observability in your EKS Fargate cluster: 

> * [Automatic (recommended)](#automatic)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Automatic injection (recommended)](#automatic)
```

* [Manual injection](#manual)

> Regardless of the approach you choose, the experience is exactly the same after it is installed. The only difference is how the container is injected.

Reviewer 3: after it's installed

Author: @urbiz-nr , I made this change.

> Regardless of the approach you choose, the experience is exactly the same after it's installed. The only difference is how the container is injected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Regardless of the approach you choose, the experience is exactly the same after it's installed. The only difference is how the container is injected. We do recommend setting up automatic injection with the New Relic Infrastructure Operator since it will eliminate the need to manually edit each deployment you want to monitor.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's important to brag about our fantastic operator, which at the moment is a competitive advantage w.r.t. other solutions in the market.

Author: @roobre, great suggestion!

### Automatic injection (recommended) [#automatic]

By default, when Fargate support is enabled, New Relic will deploy an operator to the cluster (`newrelic-infra-operator`). Once deployed, this operator will automatically inject the monitoring sidecar to pods that are scheduled into Fargate nodes, while also managing the creation and the update of `Secrets`, `ClusterRoleBindings`, and any other related resources.

> This operator accepts a variety of advanced configuration options that can be used to narrow or widen the scope of the injection. It does this through the use of label selectors for both pods and namespaces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This operator accepts a variety of advanced configuration options that can be used to narrow or widen the scope of the injection, through the use of label selectors for both pods and namespaces.
```

Behind the scenes, the operator sets up a `MutatingWebhookConfiguration`, which allows it to modify the pod objects that are about to be created in the cluster. On this event, and when the pod being created matches the user’s configuration, the operator will:

1. Add a sidecar container to the pod containing the New Relic Kubernetes Integration.
2. If a secret doesn't exist, create one in the same namespace as the pod containing the New Relic license key, which is needed for the integration to report data.
3. Add the pod’s service account to a `ClusterRoleBinding` previously created by the operator chart, which will grant this sidecar the required permissions to hit the Kubernetes metrics endpoints.

The `ClusterRoleBinding` grants the following permissions to the pod being injected:

```
- apiGroups: [""]
  resources:
	- "nodes"
	- "nodes/metrics"
	- "nodes/stats"
	- "nodes/proxy"
	- "pods"
	- "services"
  verbs: ["get", "list"]
- nonResourceURLs: ["/metrics"]
  verbs: ["get"]
```

<Callout variant="tip">
Only pods created after the deployment of the monitoring solution will be injected with the configuration and agent. 
</Callout>

> In order to get the sidecar injected on pods deployed before the operator has been installed, the user needs to manually perform a rollout (restart). New Relic has chosen not to do this automatically in order to prevent unexpected service disruptions and resource usage spikes.

Reviewer 2: I would merge these two paragraphs into one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Callout variant="tip">
In order for the sidecar to be injected on, and therefore to get metrics from pods deployed before the operator has been installed, the user needs to manually perform a rollout (restart) of the affected deployments. This way, when the pods are created, the operator will be able to inject the monitoring sidecar. New Relic has chosen not to do this automatically in order to prevent unexpected service disruptions and resource usage spikes. 
</Callout>
```

Here's the injection workflow:

![Diagram showing the workflow of sidecar injection](./images/fargate-workflow.svg "Diagram showing the workflow of sidecar injection")

#### Automatic injection installation [#auto-injection-install]

<Callout variant="tip">

> These setup steps are for a generic installation. Before completing these, take a look at the [Configuration](#config-auto) section below to see if you want to modify any aspects of the automatic injection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These setup steps are for a default setup. Before completing these, we suggest you to take a look at the [Configuration](#config-auto) section below to see if you want to modify any aspects of the automatic injection.
```

</Callout>

In order to install the operator in charge of injecting the infrastructure sidecar, all you have to do is add the following flags to the the [install bundle command](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/install-kubernetes-integration-using-helm/#install-k8-helm):

```

> helm upgrade --install newrelic newrelic/nri-bundle \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
helm upgrade --install newrelic newrelic/nri-bundle \
--namespace newrelic --create-namespace \
```

Reviewer 2: ⚠️  Important!

--set global.licenseKey=<var>YOUR_NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY</var> \
--set global.cluster=K8S_CLUSTER_NAME \
--set infrastructure.enabled=true \
--set prometheus.enabled=true \
--set webhook.enabled=true \
--set ksm.enabled=false \
--set kubeEvents.enabled=true \
<var>--set global.fargate=true</var> \
<var>--set newrelic-infra-operator.enabled=true</var>
```

<Callout variant="important">

> In the case of a hybrid cluster (EC2 and Fargate), make sure after deploying that the solution is not selected by any Fargate profiles; otherwise, the `DaemonSet` instances will be stuck in a pending state. Fargate-only environments don't have this limitation because no `DaemonSet` instances are created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When deploying the solution on a hybrid cluster (with both EC2 and Fargate nodes), please make that the solution is not selected by any Fargate profiles; otherwise, the `DaemonSet` instances will be stuck in a pending state. For fargate-only environments this is not a concern because no `DaemonSet` instances are created.
```

</Callout>

#### Configuration [#config-auto]

> It is possible to configure different aspects of the automatic injection. By default, the operator will inject the monitoring sidecar to all pods deployed in Fargate nodes which are not part of a `Job` or a `BatchJob`.

Reviewer 3: It's

Author: @urbiz-nr , I decided to address the reader directly with this: You can configure different aspects of the automatic injection.

> Using configurations, you can change this behavior. For example, you can define selectors to narrow or widen the selection of pods that are injected, assign resources to the operator, and tune the sidecar. Also, you can add other attributes, labels, and environment variables. Please refer to the chart [README.md](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/newrelic-infra-operator/README.md) and [values.yaml](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/newrelic-infra-operator/values.yaml).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This behavior can be changed through configuration options. For example, you can define selectors to narrow or widen the selection of pods that are injected, assign resources to the operator, and tune the sidecar. Also, you can add other attributes, labels, and environment variables. Please refer to the chart [README.md](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/newrelic-infra-operator/README.md) and [values.yaml](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/newrelic-infra-operator/values.yaml).
```

> <Callout variant="tip">
> Injecting the sidecar into deployments scheduled into EC2 nodes may lead to incorrect or duplicate data, especially if those nodes are already being monitored with the `DaemonSet`. Take this into account when designing custom selectors for the automatic injection.
> </Callout>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Callout variant="important">
Specifying your own custom injection rules will discard the default ruleset that prevents sidecar injection on pods that are not scheduled in Fargate. Please ensure that your custom rules have the same effect; otherwise on hybrid clusters which also have the `DaemonSet` deployed, pods scheduled in EC2 will be monitored twice leading to incorrect or duplicate data.
</Callout>
```

#### Update to the latest version or to a new configuration [#update-auto-install-version]

To update to the latest version of the EKS Fargate integration, upgrade the chart and reinstall the bundle by simply running again the command above.

To update the configuration of the infrastructure agent injected or the operator itself, modify the `values.yaml` and upgrade the Helm release with the new configuration. The operator is updated immediately. However, another rollout of the workloads is needed in order to inject the infrastructure agent sidecar with the new configuration.

```
  $ kubectl rollout restart deployment <var>YOUR_DEPLOY</var>
```

#### Uninstall the Fargate integration [#uninstall-auto-injection]

> We recommend that you uninstall the infrastructure operator that performs the automatic injection but keep the rest of the New Relic solution. Using Helm, disable the infra-operator by setting `infra-operator.enabled` to `false`, either in the `values.yaml` file or in the command line (`--set`), and re-run the upgrade (`--install`) command above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to uninstall the sidecar performing the automatic injection but keep the rest of the New Relic solution, using Helm, disable the infra-operator by setting `infra-operator.enabled` to `false`, either in the `values.yaml` file or in the command line (`--set`), and re-run the installation command above.

We strongly recommend to keep the `--set global.fargate=true` flag, since it does not enable automatic injection but makes other components of the installation Fargate-aware, preventing unwanted behavior.
```

To uninstall the whole solution:

1. Completely uninstall the Helm release.
2. Rollout the pods in order to remove the sidecar:
    ```
    $ kubectl rollout restart deployment <var>YOUR_APP</var>
    ```
3. Garbage collect the secrets:
    ```
    $ kubectl delete secrets -n <var>YOUR_NAMESPACE</var> -l newrelic/infra-operator-created=true
    ```
#### Known limitations: automatic injection [#known-limitations]

Here are some issues to be aware of when using automatic injection:

1. Currently there is no controller that watches the whole cluster to make sure that secrets that are no longer needed are garbage collected. However, all objects share the same label that you can use to remove all resources, if needed. We inject the label `newrelic/infra-operator-created: true` that you can use to delete resources with a single command.

> 

Reviewer 3: I'd use "We inject the label ..., which you can use..."

> 2. At the moment, it's not possible to use the injected sidecar to monitor services running in the pod. The sidecar will only monitor Kubernetes itself. However, if you are an advanced user, you may want to exclude these pods from automatic injection. You would then manually inject a customized version of the sidecar with on-host integrations enabled by configuring them and mounting their configurations in the proper place. For help, see this [tutorial](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/link-apps-services/tutorial-monitor-redis-running-kubernetes/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. At the moment, it's not possible to use the injected sidecar to monitor services running in the pod. The sidecar will only monitor Kubernetes itself. However, advanced users might want to exclude these pods from automatic injection and manually inject a customized version of the sidecar with on-host integrations enabled by configuring them and mounting their configurations in the proper place. For help, see this [tutorial](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/link-apps-services/tutorial-monitor-redis-running-kubernetes/).
```

> 

Reviewer 3: relative link

Author: @urbiz-nr, good catch! I fixed this!

### Manual injection [#manual]
If you have  any concerns about the automatic injection, you can inject the sidecar manually directly by modifying the manifests of the workloads scheduled that are going to be scheduled on Fargate nodes. Please note that adding the sidecar into deployments scheduled into EC2 nodes may lead into incorrect or duplicate data, especially if those nodes are already being monitored with the `DaemonSet`.

The following objects are required for the sidecar to successfully report data:

* The `ClusterRole` providing the permission needed by the `nri-kubernetes` integration
* A `ClusterRoleBinding` linking the `ClusterRole` and the service account of the pod
* The secret storing the New Relic `licenseKey` in each Fargate namespace 
* The sidecar container in the spec template of the monitored workload

#### Manual injection installation [#manual-injection-install]

<Callout variant="tip">
These manual setup steps are for a generic installation. Before completing these, take a look at the [Configuration](#config-manual) section below to see if you want to modify any aspects of the automatic injection.
</Callout>

Complete the following for manual injection:

> 1. If `ClusterRole` does not exist, create it and grant the permissions required to hit the metrics endpoints. This only needs to be done once, even for monitoring multiple applications in the same cluster.

Reviewer 3: doesn't

Author: @urbiz-nr, I made this change.

                  readOnlyRootFilesystem: true
                  runAsUser: 1000
                terminationMessagePath: /dev/termination-log
                terminationMessagePolicy: File
                volumeMounts:
                - mountPath: /var/db/newrelic-infra/data
                  name: tmpfs-data
                - mountPath: /var/db/newrelic-infra/user_data
                  name: tmpfs-user-data
                - mountPath: /tmp
                  name: tmpfs-tmp
                - mountPath: /var/cache/nr-kubernetes
                  name: tmpfs-cache
        [...]
        ```
      </Collapser>
    </CollapserGroup>

3. Create a `ClusterRoleBinding`, or add to a previously created one the `ServiceAccount` of the application that is going to be monitored. All the workloads may share the same `ClusterRoleBinding`, but the `ServiceAccount` of each one must be added to it.

    <CollapserGroup>
      <Collapser
        id="cluster-role-binding"
        title="ClusterRoleBinding"
      >
      Create the following `ClusterRoleBinding` that has as subjects the service account of the pods you want to monitor. 
      
      <Callout variant="tip">

>       You do not need to repeat the same service account twice. Each time you want to monitor a pod with a service account that isn't included yet, just add it to the list.

Reviewer 3: don't

Author: @urbiz-nr, I made this change.

The agent in both scenarios will scrape data from Kube State Metrics (KSM), Kubelet and cAdvisor and send data in the same format.

<Callout variant="important">
You are still required to deploy and monitor a Kube State Metrics instance, which the Helm Chart can do automatically if instructed to. KSM will be monitored as any other workload: by injecting a sidecar if it gets scheduled in a Fargate node, or with the local instance of the DaemonSet if it gets scheduled on an EC2 node.
</Callout>
Other components such as `nri-prometheus`, `nri-metadata-injection`, and `nri-kube-events` do not need any extra steps to be deployed on Fargate.

<Callout variant="tip">
New Relic Logging is not yet supported on Fargate nodes.
</Callout>

## Installation [#installation]

You can choose between two alternatives for installing New Relic full observability in your EKS Fargate cluster: 

* [Automatic (recommended)](#automatic)
* [Manual injection](#manual)

Regardless of the approach you choose, the experience is exactly the same after it is installed. The only difference is how the container is injected.

### Automatic injection (recommended) [#automatic]

> By default, when Fargate support is enabled, New Relic will deploy an operator to the cluster. (newrelic-infra-operator). Once deployed, this operator will automatically inject the monitoring sidecar to pods that are scheduled into Fargate nodes, while also managing the creation and the update of Secrets, ClusterRoleBindings, and any other related resource.

Reviewer 4: I don't know about the conventions in this repository, but it's often useful to manually add line-breaks in markdown, so it's easier spot changes/suggestions and to make text better readable in terminals with limited width (same rule as for code).

It also makes it easier to read on GitHub.

Author: @invidian, thanks for the suggestion! We haven't been following that convention in our docs, but I'll discuss this approach with the team.

</Callout>

In order to install the `newrelic-infra-operator` in charge of injecting the infrastructure sidecar, all you have to do is add the following flags to the the [install bundle command](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/install-kubernetes-integration-using-helm/#install-k8-helm):

```
helm upgrade --install newrelic newrelic/nri-bundle \
--set global.licenseKey=<var>YOUR_NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY</var> \
--set global.cluster=K8S_CLUSTER_NAME \
--set infrastructure.enabled=true \
--set prometheus.enabled=true \
--set webhook.enabled=true \
--set ksm.enabled=false \
--set kubeEvents.enabled=true \
<var>--set global.fargate=true</var> \
<var>--set infra-operator.enabled=true</var>
```

#### Configuration [#config-auto]

It is possible to configure different aspects of the automatic injection. By default, the operator will inject the monitoring sidecar to all pods deployed in Fargate nodes which are not part of a Job or a BatchJob.

> Using configurations, you can change this behavior. For example, you can define selectors to narrow or widen the selection of pods that are injected, assign resources to the operator, and tune the sidecar. Also, you can add other attributes, labels, and environment variables. Please refer to the chart `README.md` and `values.yaml` for the complete description of each option.

Reviewer: as soon it is available we should add a link to the README and to the values

Author: @paologallinaharbur, I inserted a link to GitHub (https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-infra-operator) but I don't see a `values.yaml`--only `values-dev.yaml` to link to. Am I missing something?

```

#### Uninstall the Fargate integration

We recommend that you uninstall the infrastructure operator that performs the automatic injection but keep the rest of the New Relic solution. Using Helm, disable the infra-operator by setting `infra-operator.enabled` to `false`, either in the `values.yaml` file or in the command line `--set`, and re-run the upgrade `--install` command above.

To uninstall the whole solution:

1. Completely uninstall the Helm release.
2. Rollout the pods in order to remove the sidecar:
    ```
    $ kubectl rollout restart deployment <var>YOUR_APP</var>
    ```
3. Garbage collect the secrets:
    ```
    $ kubectl delete secrets -n <var>YOUR_NAMESPACE</var> -l newrelic/infra-operator-created=true
    ```
#### Known limitations: automatic injection

Here are some issues to be aware of when using automatic injection:

1. Currently there is no controller that watches the whole cluster to make sure that secrets that are no longer needed are garbage collected. However, all objects share the same label that can be used in order to remove all resources if needed `newrelic/infra-operator-created: true`.

> 2. At the moment, it is not possible to use the injected sidecar to monitor services running in the pod. The sidecar will only monitor Kubernetes itself. However, if you are an advanced user, you may want to exclude these pods from automatic injection. You would then manually inject a customized version of the sidecar with on-host integrations enabled by configuring them and mounting their configurations in the proper place. [MISSING LINK].

Reviewer: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/link-apps-services/tutorial-monitor-redis-running-kubernetes/

Note that it is not a guide they can follow in this scenario, however an advanced user can use that to gather the required informations

Author: @paologallinaharbur, I will insert this link.

### Manual injection [#manual]

> If you have  any concerns about the automatic injection, you can inject the sidecar manually directly by modifying the manifests of the workloads scheduled that are going to be scheduled on Fargate nodes Please note that adding the sidecar into deployments scheduled into EC2 nodes may lead into incorrect or duplicate data, especially if those nodes are already being monitored with the DaemonSet.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you have  any concerns about the automatic injection, you can inject the sidecar manually directly by modifying the manifests of the workloads scheduled that are going to be scheduled on Fargate nodes. Please note that adding the sidecar into deployments scheduled into EC2 nodes may lead into incorrect or duplicate data, especially if those nodes are already being monitored with the DaemonSet.
```

The following objects are required for the sidecar to successfully report data:

* The `ClusterRole` providing the permission needed by the `nri-kubernetes integration`
* A `ClusterRoleBinding` linking the `ClusterRole` and the service account of the pod
* The secret storing the New Relic `licenseKey` in each Fargate namespace 
* The sidecar container in the spec template of the monitored workload

> You can see example manifests for these objects in this [gist](https://gist.github.com/paologallinaharbur/754c13d0541f89d60ae74fdf877e3ce5J).

Reviewer 4: This gist no longer exists.

Reviewer: I believe we should not provide a gist, we should either put it into the repo or even better (IMO) in the docs themself

Reviewer: By the way the link is "valid", there was an extra P in the url `https://gist.github.com/paologallinaharbur/754c13d0541f89d60ae74fdf877e3ce5 `

Author: Per @paologallinaharbur, I will remove the link and insert the snippets directly  in the doc.

#### Manual injection installation 

<Callout variant="tip">
These manual setup steps are for a generic installation. Before completing these, take a look at the [Configuration](#config-manual) section below to see if you want to modify any aspects of the automatic injection.
</Callout>

Complete the following for manual injection:

1. If `ClusterRole` does not exist, create it and grant the permissions required to hit the metrics endpoints. This only needs to be done once, even for monitoring multiple applications in the same cluster.

> 2. For each workload you want to monitor, add an additional sidecar container for the `newrelic/infrastructure-k8s` image. Here is an example of an injected sidecar. See the [gist](https://gist.github.com/paologallinaharbur/754c13d0541f89d60ae74fdf877e3ce5J) for the latest.

Reviewer 4: Ditto gist link.

Author: @invidian, I will remove the link to the gists and insert the snippets directly in the document. Thanks!

              restartPolicy: Always
              schedulerName: default-scheduler
              securityContext:
                fsGroup: 1001
                runAsUser: 1001
              serviceAccount: ksm-kube-state-metrics
              serviceAccountName: ksm-kube-state-metrics
              terminationGracePeriodSeconds: 30
              volumes:
              - emptyDir: {}
                name: tmpfs-data
              - emptyDir: {}
                name: tmpfs-user-data
              - emptyDir: {}
                name: tmpfs-tmp
              - emptyDir: {}
                name: tmpfs-cache
        ```
  
  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

3. Create a `ClusterRoleBinding`, or add to a previously created one the `ServiceAccount` of the application that is going to be monitored. All the workloads may share the same `ClusterRoleBinding`, but the `ServiceAccount` of each one must be added to it.
4. Create a secret containing the New Relic license key. Each namespace needs its own secret.

#### Configuration [#config-manual]

When adding the manifest of the sidecar agent manually, you can use any agent configuration option to configure the agent behavior.

> **NEED A LINK HERE**

Reviewer: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/configuration/infrastructure-agent-configuration-settings/

Author: @paologallinaharbur, I added this link: For help, see [Infrastructure agent configuration settings](/docs/infrastructure/install-infrastructure-agent/configuration/infrastructure-agent-configuration-settings/).

#### Update to the latest version

To update any of the components, you just need to modify the deployed yaml. 

Updating any of the fields of the injected container will cause the pod to be re-created.

<Callout variant="important">
The agent cannot hot load the New Relic license key. After updating the secret, you need to rollout the deployments again.
</Callout>

#### Uninstall the Fargate integration

> To remove the injected container and the related resources, you just have  to remove the following:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To remove the injected container and the related resources, you just have to remove the following:
```

* The sidecar from the workloads that should be no longer monitored 
* All the secrets containing the newrelic license 

> * `ClusterRole` and `ClusterRoleBinding` objects.

Reviewer 4: Dots at the end of the bullet-points are not consistent.

Author: @invidian, thanks for noticing this! I'll add periods at the end of each bullet.

Notice that removing the sidecar container will cause the pod to be re-created.

## Troubleshooting

Here are some tips if you have problems:

### DaemonSet replicas are being deployed into Fargate nodes

If you notice that any Infra DaemonSet replicas are being scheduled on Fargate nodes, it might be because the nodeAffinity rules are not configured properly.

Double-check that the solution was installed with the global.fargate option to true, either through the command line (--set global.fargate=true) or in the `values.yaml` file. If the installation method was not Helm, you’ll need to manually add nodeAffinity rules to exclude fargate nodes.

### Garbage collection

> Currently even if the `ClusterRoleBinding` gets updated automatically, there is no controller that watches the whole cluster making sure that the `ClusterRoleBinding` is in sync with the current status. Therefore, if a subject is no longer needed, no automation garbage collects it. If the object is deleted, no automation is in place to recreate it with the needed subjects. **I MOVED THIS OUT OF THE LIMITATIONS SECTION BECAUSE OF A REVIEW COMMENT. IS THIS APPROPRIATE HERE?**

Reviewer: I would get rid of it for now. It should not be a common use-case and the user should expect things to breaks if clusterRoleBindings are deleted manually

Author: @paologallinaharbur, OK, this will be deleted.

## View your EKS data [#view-data]

Here's an example of what a Fargate node looks like in the New Relic UI:

![Screenshot showing the Kubernetes explorer with a Fargate node](./images/fargate-ui.png "Screenshot showing the Kubernetes explorer with a Fargate node")

To view your AWS data:

> 1. Go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com) > Infrastructure > kubernetes** and do one of the following:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com) > Infrastructure > Kubernetes** and do one of the following:
```

    * Select an integration name to view data.

>     * Select the Explore data  icon to view AWS data.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    * Select the Explore data icon to view AWS data.
```
